Thank you very much everyone for participating and helping and supporting to part of the whole
and we're happy with that. And now I'm going to continue again talk about what we're going
through, the sixth part of the essay and within the frame of the Jyabjib Duneulam, the teachings.
So therefore, again, we're going to extend our beautiful motivation, the motivation of
the yoga and the applications, and as well as the vastness, the motivation of the bodhicata,
for all sentient beings. But I'm going to reflect the teaching and the study and the listening
and the practice in order to benefit for all living beings. I'm going to get enlightenment
and help with those sentient beings, continually. From now on, until everyone reaches enlightenment
,
may I be able to do that, really having those wishes and intentions very strongly from the
tip of our heart. And then we begin to practice this, or follow the teachings. So, and then
purely understand realization of the very inner teachings and together with the devotions.
All those are very important. And with this thought, and then now we again go with these
three frames of the practices. And those are the three noblities, all three goodness and
beginning good, middle good, and concluding good. Those are the three. Among those three,
we are now in the middle, we're going there. But even though it's middle, we're divided
like that way, but middle also has all that package, good intention, good motivation,
bodhicata, joy and appreciation, and then practices. And then ending that with beautiful
aspirations, and good thought or good heart, their intentions. So everything is really
all completed, it's just beautiful, mud or vitamin, catch sauce, it's just everything
is completed. And that is how the religion, the old Buddha taught, gracious teacher, Buddha
taught, and all those great masters, the lineage orders are cured and put to us so that we
can use, it's already prepared in a way, prepared the delicatation, that we can really use and
eat and then nourish our self, and heal our self, and benefit one's own self with others.
So therefore, really also thankful, grateful for all the lineage masters who kept the teaching,
exactly as my gracious teacher, Buddha taught, through their courage and commitment, and
through their compassion and the wisdom. And because of that, they are so humble, they
are so simple, and so daunting. Ah, so beautiful. When you're in the world, in the regular
world, they are perfect citizens, perfect, beautiful, ever and human being citizens,
but who are really completely clear, woke up in their inner goals, they are truly beacon
of the peace, harmony, kindness, compassion. Vestos, understanding, and also respect and
appreciate everyone's humility, their humility, what they shared to us is just so marvelous,
so beautiful. That's how I felt. So therefore thankful, and then really apply the teaching.
And with this, again, we will now go into bodhicitta. It's truly what we went through,
all these bodhicitta practices. Bodhicitta is essence. For that reason, the great master
of our problem will say, "Have you had one thing that will be enough to reach enlightenment,
that our goal in Buddhism, particularly Mahayana Buddhism, always, okay, that you get enlightenment
."
That's really always, "Oh, ah, ah, ah!" One thing that we have enough, that is bodhicitta.
And we don't have that, this bodhicitta, no matter whatever we practice at that,
it will not reach our goal, what we are longing, what we are enthusiastic to reach or to get,
like to get, it won't knock at. That is bodhicitta. If we don't have that, we won't get it like
that.
For that reason, bodhicitta is essence, essence of the practices. Bodhicitta can summarize
that in the teaching itself, compassion and emptiness. Compassion and emptiness is the
essence of the practices. Compassion and emptiness are no separations.
When you got the realization of the emptiness of true nature, our compassion will be bursted.
There is no distractions. It just bursted beyond the directions to all the living beings.
Therefore, compassion and emptiness realization goes side by side or it goes target.
They just stroke it, stroke it, and that is really the bodhicitta.
First of all, our bodhicitta is kind of long, small, limited, trapped on all our ego-cling
activities
that we accumulated from the bigness times. It's trapped, it's completely locked in,
it's coming out a little bit to guide ourselves, surviving, surviving purposes,
incredible purpose in the society of the human world or some other. Without that, we won't get very
small duty.
Without love and compassion, we won't prescribe in this human world. Don't mention bodhicitta.
Bodhicitta. Bodhicitta love and compassion, we already discussed, is boundness.
This compassion and love that we have, what we call normally, is with bound, with border, with
limited.
But that is also light of our coordinate nature.
Without that, we will not survive. We will not have any premise.
We will not really kind of nourish it or we won't have any happiness or peace at all.
Think of that. That is bodhicitta.
Now if you go, the cheeky Buddha teaches that discover the whole bodhicitta,
the one whom you have, without any border, without any walls, distractions.
When we are completely open with that, then we need the Buddhahood, enlightenment.
Then our love and compassion is limitless, boundless.
So that is what, for those reasons, the greatest teacher, brother, gentleman,
lay out so beautifully those six parabola practices.
This is all practice of bodhicitta. All practice of bodhicitta.
To benefit ourselves, to benefit all the beings, without any discriminations or bi-healing
attitudes.
Open like sky, shining as like sunlight.
Every direction dispels the darkness, the coldness, that ice-cold attitude of the ego-cling.
Melting those waves gradually and bring up beautiful nature, gentle, peaceful.
Then we become the friend of everyone, everyone.
One of the greatest teacher, brother, chairman, his name,
the one who is friend of all, friend of all, means all living beings.
Buddha is a friend to all beings, whether it is introduced or not introduced.
He is a great, great friend, the permanent friend that we can realize all the time.
Always kind, always peaceful, always caring, always concerning, and very, very practical.
We don't ever use the word common sense, the common sense. Full of common sense, beautiful.
But every reason, every activity is leading us to open the door of our trailers.
The Buddha is teaching. Every teaching is how to open the door of our inner trailers.
Our own kindness, completeness, and purify, or heal, remove the old obstacles.
That's really what the greatest teacher, Buddha, is.
So that's what I'm generally talking about. We all know that.
But I guess, again, today is the Salah Deva.
Salah Deva, to glorify, remembering the greatest kindness of the Buddha.
Shakyamuni is really marvelous. It's beautiful. It's very appealing, soothing, soothing.
And so therefore, I'm really kind of talking. We all know those things. You all know them.
So now, we go to the teaching of these amongst, again, the sixth paramatas.
Again, the sixth paramata is the generous paramata, morality paramata, and passion paramatas,
and joy for effort paramatas, and the concentration paramata, and burst paramatas.
Those are the six paramatas that we all know. Again, I'm just saying that, but we all know that.
That was terminology. That helps me know.
Among those six paramatas, we read the four paramatas, post-folds.
And particularly post-three paramatas are mainly designed to help to delight our body and speech.
Oh, the generous paramata, morality paramata, and passion paramata is more kind of external
practices,
external practices, outer practices, and practices of the body, practices of the speech, mainly.
I'm talking mainly. It's a mainly. What that means, cools of mind is always there. It's no matter.
Everything what we do is completely connected with mind.
But it appears that generosity, morality, and the patient practices are more outreach practices.
Outreach, I would call it practices.
And joy for effort is supportive to everyone.
I've mentioned this so many times, and it's supportive to all the paramatas.
So it's effort. As I said yesterday or the other day, it's a moving force.
Joy for paramata is a moving force of all the paramatas.
We act as what really moves. So that is support.
But now, the concentration of the paramata and the wisdom of the paramata is more related with the
momentum, mind.
So it's something that has to do more inwardly.
That's what the gracious teacher, Vrata Shakyamala, is teaching.
Teaching is going deeper and deeper, deeper,
and then go all the way to the ultimate level of that.
So concentration of the paramata is more mental states.
It's the teaching of the mind. And then wisdom too.
Wisdom is mind. But of course, wisdom is the eye of all the paramatas.
It is the eye, wisdom, of all the paramatas.
So now, today is the concentration we talk about again.
Then is it about the mind?
And now, again, we're really talking about the mind, and we all know.
Mind is the rule of the samsara and the nirvana.
Both the samsara and the nirvana are ruled by the mind.
According to the Buddha teaching, produced by the mind.
Both are real. Both the samsara and the nirvana are displayed
and ruled, displayed and ruled, maintained by the mind.
So mind is the ruler of everything.
And that's the thing in the samsara levels, how mind is so important.
When we say I'm happy, who is really identifying the same?
Reality is mind. It's true or not, you can reflect that.
And when I'm sad, will I say, again, fundamental,
who is identifying saying that? It's mind.
Or I'm really, everything is good. When I say, who is that?
It's mind. And I'm all not good at everything.
It's also mind. So samsara levels.
And then all the cause of samsara, cause of samsara, duality is mind.
Think of that. It's true or not.
Corrected teacher, Buddha is so open.
It's so open.
He said, what I said, Buddha said, what I said,
you don't have to trust, you can examine.
You don't have to say, oh, because Buddha said, I have to believe.
This is not believing. This is an analytic.
And this time, we're not doing big analytic things in a grade,
those philosophy, which is a school.
They do a lot of analytics, debate, back and forth things,
but we are doing more approach, more kind of easy way to do practice,
easy way to reach the goal and prove.
Prove. But still, somebody, we need confidence.
Confidence and all certainties.
And for that reason, we should also to analyze this simple way.
This is not big analyze, analyze.
So when we say duality is the cause of samsara.
And what it produced?
It produced the gross level of ego cleanings.
It's also mind.
It's produced result of the dualities.
When we have the ego cleanings, then it has all the emotions coming,
such as I'm talking negative emotions.
Ignorance is right there with the egos.
It's just a trigger that they have.
Shadow and body, they trigger them.
Most when you have the ignorance, immediately there is attachment,
then comes.
Attachment, those are outcoming emotions, now negative emotions.
Attachment, that noticeable, that comes.
And then anger, ghettos, heavy thought, doubt and hesitations,
all that variety emotions come from that.
And the great teacher, Buddha pointed out there is six root negative emotions.
Twenty-some negative emotions, those are just like gross.
Gross, otherwise what in the teaching said.
The eighty, twenty, twenty-one thousand of the attachment emotions,
twenty-one thousand of the anger emotions,
twenty-one thousand of the ignorant emotions,
and twenty-one thousand of the all three emotions, or three target emotions.
Those are basically eighty-four thousand different negative emotions
in order to subdue, in order to dispel, in order to last form.
Those eighty-four thousand of the emotions would have gave eighty-four thousand of the teachings.
Those are the teachings said.
There are so many emotions, but the root of this, the troublemaker,
the root troublemaker is ego clinging, or the jwari thought,
the clinging, grasping, clinging, that's what teaching said.
But that jagantra, that troublemaker, that such an enormous troublemaker,
of the all lifetimes, not just the one lifetime, but whole lifetime.
Where is that? Again it's mine. It's all the star of our mind.
The whole troublemaker, what the great Master Shanti Deva says,
it is this ego, this eye knocking the cling on the eye of the ego,
is the troublemaker, so many troubles.
It is the greatest demon, demon, this is great demon.
So why can this demon, demon who is making so much trouble to me,
to my friends, to my fellow citizens of the sentient beings,
why I should keep that?
That's what really is so great, clearly, loudly important.
It's true. It's the ego clinging.
But that's the mind, again.
And then it's bodhicitta, which is loving kindness, compassion, bodhicitta,
all those beautiful things, which is the cause to the nirvana,
cause to the enlightenment.
And the Muslim, again, why is that? It's the mind.
So both the enlightenment gauntlet of the old nirvana, or the path truth,
and the necessary truths coming from the mind,
and all the suffering truth and the cause of suffering coming from the mind.
This is the reason, so important to deal with direct to the troublemaker,
or direct to the source, or direct to the boss,
instead of going to the different branches in this and that.
Go to the boss, boss.
That is what this concentration is, is really going to the boss.
We turn that boss right direction, that boss will help us and bring our enlightenment,
the beautiful goal, the realizations.
And we continue, clearly, with the same old habit, same thing,
this boss is making unending troubles, difficulties,
challenges, one after another, to myself.
We talk with that, as we talk, we go cleanly with myself and my friends,
my family members, my loved ones, my fellow citizens, and my sentient beings.
It's making all that trouble. So who is going to handle that?
No one else is going to help you with that.
Gregor Chicha, Buddha Kya Kya Manu said, "I show you the techniques."
Now, you, the one, have to put on the skills, you have to put in actions.
I cannot choose to take away or clean away your cleanings, your obscurations.
You create it, you have to clean it.
For example, Buddha Kya Kya Manu, he did obscurations, also he cleaned it.
All that practice and meditations of the three countless ills, same way.
And all that this great Bodhisattvas, great enlightened beings,
great masters of the India and activities, when we read life stories,
they become great enlightened beings because they clean way, all that obstacles.
By themselves, they've got the skill and the techniques and the methods
from the teacher and the Buddha's teaching that I showed them how to clean,
how to purify, how to make that rejuvenating from their own mistakes.
They did it. And we have the same capabilities, same opportunities.
Now we have to click ourselves.
This is the time to wake up. This is the time to get up.
This is the time to bounce back to our tracks of the path to the enlightenment.
Path to the enlightenment, we should do that.
That is known as the attitude, the willingness, motivations, determinations of the practitioners.
That's what we do.
How we do this is not just a classic song, but we are going to bounce back
to our old, natural status and bring such a beautiful, really intentional thought,
change from the fundamentals, as I said, from the boss.
The boss of this mind is thinking all the time, ego thinks, me, I, minds, and all that things.
But now at least with this, I'm going to think of all the living beings.
Every living being is mine. Every living being is so kind.
Every living being is up because their kindness I'm going to get enlightened.
Buddha showed the path in the teaching of the great masters,
asked us to talk to the reminder of the practice,
but actually who's going to put us on the practice and who's going to put us training,
that training, and who's going to help us is sentient beings.
Sentient beings are going to help us to reach the enlightenment.
Sentient beings are going to help me to fulfill my generous parameters.
Sentient beings are going to help me to fulfill my morality parameters.
And sentient beings are going to help me to fulfill my goal of the patient parameters.
And sentient beings are going to help me to my portfolio
of the giant parameters or concentrated parameters.
Therefore, they're all so kind, so supportive for our goodness, for our good goals.
We know the sentient beings in the teaching said, we will not reach enlightenment.
There's no place but to learn and improve.
So therefore, we will train for attitude and then we lead the practices.
So now, we discussed already all those three parameters earlier that we've done,
but now, the unparameter.
The concentration, as I said already, you all know.
I'm not talking that because you don't know.
I'm just talking in a way reminded to all of us what the great teacher,
Brother Jackman told, what is the concentration requirement.
So now, the mind is so important.
Again, in fact, therefore, we need concentrators.
We don't have the concentration in the teaching.
No matter how much you do good things, it's all scattered.
If we don't have the concentration, that means all the emotions
are just waiting to get the opportunity or chance.
They're just waiting.
That we have the good concentration we can pursue.
These emotions are just kind of naive in a way.
They're portrayed as naive, naive and kind of hiding behind the bushes.
As soon as they got the chance, they will attract us.
But if we are vigilant with good concentrations taught,
then they have no strength.
They will go away.
And therefore, concentration is so, so important and so special.
For that reason, the great teacher, Brother Jackman,
taught the patient concentration requirements, the young requirements.
So that is my kind of great talk about concentrations today.
And now I'm not going to – you all know, Jan, that is all this.
And then I'm going to continue this when we resume the next time our retreat.
I will continue to talk about the paramatas
and all these other things and follow the teachings of the Japatunu,
which is teaching this hard advice for the 14th ones.
I'm going to continue.
So that's really that I'm going to stop here.
But because why I'm stopping here early, five, ten minutes early,
and because I really like to talk.
Again, this is Sagada. Sagada practices.
Sagada is, again, so important, according that you all know.
And you can read so many books.
And I'm sure you know so many, many great masters of Tibetan.
Everyone respect and honor and recognize this one of the really important practices.
All the Tibetans really do, do.
And so therefore, I just really like to talk again about the Sagada one.
Actually, I will mention about taking the perceptors, head perceptors,
which is the shortest perceptors in the Buddha teaching.
It's 24 hours a day.
And then traditionally, that also merges with traditional lineage teaching
of Geollam or Pang.
Geollam, a very famous Buddhist nun,
the enlightenment or the practice of Avalokini Shora.
And head lineage teaching,
it becomes so popular and innovative that it is known as "nuni" practices.
So these 24 hour practices that become the nuni lineages,
they use the practices for 48 hours, I think, two days.
So that means how they do that.
And of course, many of you already know,
but a few of you don't exactly familiar with that.
They do practice, for example, taking the vows,
and let's say this morning, morning,
and then keep that vow and eat the lunch, keeping that vow.
Eat, have the one lunch, the vegetarian lunch,
and then have continued practicing on the Avalokini Shora.
Geollam is cultivating the compassion, allowing kindness,
bodhijana, basically, bodhijana, deciding and practicing.
Geollam continues to see.
And then they do practice, continue, and whole night.
And the next day, then even they don't eat any food,
they don't eat any or drink anything.
And, for example, sorry, I forgot.
And this aprono, for example, you take the vow this morning,
aprono, they're also stopping, they're talking or communicating with them,
and just only practicing.
Reciting a month of practicing, and just continue doing that,
and whole day, afternoon, and whole evening, as much as you can,
and until the morning.
And the morning, again, you take, renew your vows one more time.
And then, tomorrow, you won't eat anything, you won't talk anything,
and even you don't drink anything,
unless you have the advice from the doctor,
or if you feel you need it for the health reason,
then, of course, you can.
But otherwise, won't eat, won't drink,
won't function or talk to anyone, so speaking, talking,
except to practice, reciting the month.
So that means, that practicing is what I call a tiki.
The whole poem is transformed into our lokrihora,
and the whole song system is transformed
on the mantra of the karese, our lokrihora, our mānipipiho,
and all mind, and thought are transformed
upon a loving kindness, compassion, wisdom,
and a great emptiness, and continually meditate.
And the following day, so that means tomorrow,
day after tomorrow, 8 in the morning, then they get up,
and do some practice one more time,
and then they come out of the pasting,
and then they complete the uni practice.
That's called uni practices, uni practices.
So that is like, as I said, 48 hours.
48 hours, they practice it, but you take a while,
it was renewed a while, after you finished it, 24 hours.
So that is uni practices.
Then, just generally, uni practices,
uni, and uni is slightly different, but it's the same,
and that is 24 hours.
That you can do, too.
And those who don't feel too like to do,
and you can do that.
That is at perseptice.
And as I said yesterday, those who are interested
to do that during this summer,
which is multiple, even if you do 24 hours,
3 days is so wonderful, and you can take a while
to get that from the shrines, your only shrine.
Your only shrine is the living corner of the Gurdwara,
to the Buddha Chaktamuni, and Gurdwara Maasambhava,
and the Dara, and all the Buddhas, the Bodhisattvas.
And really, that is living.
That is shrine, not just the stages of straining there,
or the bhakti or something.
Truly, that is really the Buddhas.
Where do we think the Buddha in the teaching says,
the Buddha will be there?
The moment you think, the Buddha will be right there.
Whoever thinks.
And not just there, but will bless him.
Will bless him.
And that's what also same as Gurdwara Maasambhava.
And when Gurdwara Maasambhava departed from Tibet,
so many people are upset and said,
they said, "Oh, we will miss you
without going to God see that."
When Gurdwara Maasambhava said that,
"I never went away, or going to go anywhere."
Particularly those who are devoted to me,
I will be right with you.
And it's really true.
So many great masters and practitioners have witnessed
since eight centuries, until now, in innovators.
Great masters have witnessed.
Great general ridiculous practitioners
and the layperson, man and woman have witnessed.
It's really that, for that reason.
That's what Gurdwara Maasambhava did not go anywhere
and treat those who are devoted.
He's always there.
And the Dara is the same.
All the master great beings,
enlightened beings, they don't have the distance
between time and space.
For some of these modern technologies,
we're using this technology as no time
or no difference between space and time.
We're really digging now, everywhere, I mean.
Wherever that is, that is the technologies.
But when you develop the truly technology
of the enlightenment goal,
it's a trillion times, according to teaching,
more powerful, more strong.
Actually, there's no numbers.
The power of the enlightenment is so strong and deep.
And therefore, a few strong persons
make nice offerings, nice energy.
As I said, it's generalist practices.
Nice energy is moralist practices.
Even if you spend some time,
there's that patient practices.
And concentrate with joy and effort.
That is a reality.
Joy for effort.
And concentrate on that is beyond constitutive parameters.
And clearly understand what you're doing.
Really, with devotion, that is what's in the parameters.
And do three-fold stations.
Like any many people in three-fold stations,
sit down, and then in front of the shrine,
check that wall three times.
And then you can visualize,
all the Buddhas you have last heard,
limited blessings, gave you that.
Blessings, blessings, blessings.
And then you talk, that's the wall.
You talk about it.
At that moment, then Buddhas,
(speaks in foreign language)
and all the enlightenment,
with you doing the human practice,
or with you in the practice.
That is, and you do the practice all the time.
In the next day, when you put 24 hours a year,
the next day, they dedicated their merit.
All the sentient beings.
Dedicated their merit for all the healing purposes.
Everyone's really dedicated.
That is a great contribution,
for peace and harmony, for the world,
for mankind, for the six realms.
It's really so powerful.
That is practice.
And then during the Saladhava time,
we as much as we choose practice.
We choose practice.
And that means the world.
And avoid the negatives, as much as we can.
Negatives, as we said the other day,
I mean you all know, there is 10 negative,
negatives, sorry, negatives.
10 negatives, you know.
Three by the mind, so three by the body,
four by the speech, and three by the mind.
And that all together is called 10 negatives, 10 unrighteous.
That you all know.
I list it to you all the days.
But again I will list it.
Three by the body, not taking, and not stealing,
and not sexual misconducts.
Those are the three by the bodies.
And then four by the speech,
and which is not lying, not slender, not gossiping,
not harsh speech.
Those are the four by the speech.
And then three by the mind,
is not, what's called, not covetous.
Covetous, covetous, and not violent thought,
not wrong ideas, wrong beliefs.
Those are the three by the mind.
So avoiding that, itself is vicious.
But during the silent double,
trying to do also, not just avoiding that,
do some kind of like opposite of that.
Opposite of that, what that means.
Opposite of not taking lives.
If you don't know, protecting lives, which is wonderful.
Lives of any living beings, that's wonderful.
But above that, what in the teaching said,
so the plural protecting lives of any sentient beings.
Not just the taking lives of that,
but plural protecting lives of sentient beings
as much as you have the covetous.
Including the peace, insect, according to Buddhism.
Insects or anything that you can protect,
lives or others, it is vicious.
The Buddhas will be delighted to see that.
Garabhamasambhava and the Tharas and all the Bodhisattvas
will be delighted to see, really.
They will be rejoiced at that.
And then, not taking blood with others,
that itself is vicious.
But above that, then, to generosity.
Generacy parameters.
As much as you can do, according to your capability.
Even to the homeless persons.
One cup of the glass, one cup of the coffees.
Or something can be even small things.
Really with respect, kind of reflecting our compassion
in the form of generosity.
And generously, I will mention, and you all know,
there is a variety of generous practices
that we went through, one after another.
Know that, and do whatever you can do.
That is also a generous department of practices.
Generous parliament of practices.
Then, the sexual misconduct.
Sexual misconduct is, again, not knowing that,
it is selfish and vicious.
But not just that, but above that,
take a vow, such as 24 hours.
Vowels.
All that renewing, renewing our obasaka vowels.
Obasaka vowels, those are the morality.
What is obasaka vowels?
Poor root, and pipe one,
and all targeted on the pipe receptors.
That is generally the obasaka vow of the lay practice
and the Buddhist, those who want to take that vowels.
Those are the vowels, which is the moralities.
And that is, again, poor root one with what?
That not killing, not stealing,
and not sexual misconduct, and not lying.
Those are the root of the vowels,
foundation of the vowels.
Above that, not toxicating.
That makes part, renewing that vowels,
which is, then, known as moralities.
Moralities.
And then, the next one is,
yeah, and then you all know that.
You went through that the other day,
you know that, then just really do those things.
And therefore, also, and then each time when you do,
do that with good intention, with bodhicaka.
And of course, you're doing that with the intention,
but at that moment when you do it,
bring out your body, and turn your body together,
and then you get in that meditate for the living beings,
to bring all peace, to spell all the trouble
that we're going out through, these troubles.
And as well as everyone's reading.
That just really kind of frees them.
And that also everything is completely within the frame
of the three, beginning novel, middle novel, and concluding novels.
Beginning novel, for example, generalism practice,
even the small things that you do, generalistic,
start with the really conventional loving kind of folk,
and giving that to those individual generalists,
with respect and with polite and nice men living there,
with them, and then after that one with finish.
Also, what you got to merit, again, from this,
I've dedicated that for all living beings
like peace, harmonics, and the duality,
which they're sensitive from that,
and therefore reaching enlightenment,
myself and others, for benefit of sentient beings.
That is a complete practice, total practices, complete.
Even that looks like it's kind of small,
but then there is all the different kind of community services,
as I said, those are all really wonderful, wonderful, good.
Of course, this time we have to be very poor,
but those any community service,
all help with the Dharma centers,
help in supporting them, whatever.
You can do small in a big way.
It's a beautiful principle, and beautiful reasons.
It really is a community merit.
A community merit, what's a merit is? Merit is.
So that is really my talk,
and again, a reminder of the saladawah,
and happy saladawah to everyone, okay?
And then of course, now we do continue our practices,
and now this time we're going to concluding our healing retreat,
right, in these days,
and then so we won't have any teachings or the Zoom practices,
all that for until the next week,
which will be the birthday of the Buddha Chaturmunis,
according to our calendars.
So we come together, Friday, this coming Friday,
because it's also June 5, I think.
So it comes June 5, that time, then we come back.
Again, we're due.
So Lama Lai is going to announce those in the Zoom,
so you will look there and see that.
But anyway, so that's what we're really going to do the practice,
then we'll Zoom again for another three days.
Friday, Saturday, Sunday,
that's what we're going to do the practice as we've been doing,
and then the teaching, and then the practices,
and get talking, whoever has time, please join with us that time,
like that, and then so we will start again for five days,
or two days, and then we'll Zoom back again,
following Friday and Saturday and Sunday like that.
So we'll go online for a while, and in June like that.
So that's our kind of schedules.
And then, of course, Lama Lai will announce that in a trashy day like bullet.
The 29th is when we start.
And it will go until the 29th of June.
29th of June, so we do like that, stop and do that.
And we told also that maybe it's more suitable to everyone,
because now everything is opening up, and all that, we have to do all that.
So and then for those reasons, we thought maybe it's better to do that way.
So that's our thought.
So Dharma Center, everything is really gradually opening with cautiously,
and also our farm-baked Dharma Center in Florida,
and as well as a natural Dharma Center,
and also opening so you can look locally in their bullet news,
and which is supposed to be this in the coming Tuesday,
will have the evening practice of the heart shutters.
All that you can look to your own bullet board of the...
Virtual.
Virtual, virtual, virtual practices, all that.
I mean, you please look, okay, I'm maybe not announced very correctly,
but you look to those places,
and then really resume the practice with, again, very thoughtful,
very respectful of each other.
So if somebody goes, something happened,
that due to our unkind of like mindfulness, then it's really not good.
So they are always thoughtful,
which is the teaching of the great teacher Buddha Chaitanya,
which is respectful, thoughtful, and very, very practical way,
and then move forward our practice in meditation,
all good activities, okay?
So that's our thought,
and now we do short, again, meditation,
and then we do healing, actually.
Thank you very much, everyone.
Really, body speed, and coming, and together, and the support,
and thank you so much, everyone.
I'm so thankful, and all Sangha members of the Messiah,
and very happy, and very, very delightful.
Thank you very much, everyone, okay?
Thank you. Now we do short meditation.
Thank you.